Add support for the MariaDb driver to the function namespace manager (#25698)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/admin/function-namespace-managers.rst

    function-namespaces-table-name=example_function_namespaces
    functions-table-name=example_sql_functions

If you wish to use the MariaDb Java driver instead of the MySQL Connector J

> driver, you can use the following properties for the ``database-`` fields::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
driver, use the following properties for the ``database-`` fields::
```

    database-driver-name=org.mariadb.jdbc.Driver

>     database-url=jdbc:mariadb://example.net:3306/database?user=root&password=password

Author: Each driver is supposed to implement the `java.sql.Driver` interface, where one of the methods is [acceptsURL](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/17/docs/api/java.sql/java/sql/Driver.html#acceptsURL(java.lang.String)). The a driver 'accepts' the URL, is used by the `DriverManager`

If none of the drivers 'accepts' this URL, the `DriverManager.getConnection` call would fail with a `SQLException` like so - 
```
Caused by: java.sql.SQLException: No suitable driver found for jdbc:anantdb://localhost:42071/presto?user=testuser&password=testpass&useSSL=false&allowPublicKeyRetrieval=true&serverTimezone=America/Bahia_Banderas
	at java.sql/java.sql.DriverManager.getConnection(DriverManager.java:706)
	at java.sql/java.sql.DriverManager.getConnection(DriverManager.java:252)
	at com.facebook.presto.functionNamespace.mysql.MySqlConnectionModule.lambda$setup$0(MySqlConnectionModule.java:49)
```

=========================================== ==================================================================================================
Name                                        Description
=========================================== ==================================================================================================

> ``database-url``                            The JDBC URL of the MySQL database used by the MySQL function namespace manager. If using the MariaDb Java driver, ensure the URL uses the MariaDb connection string format, i.e the string starts with ``jdbc:mariadb:``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``database-url``                            The JDBC URL of the MySQL database used by the MySQL function namespace manager. If using the MariaDB Java driver, ensure the URL uses the MariaDB connection string format where the string starts with ``jdbc:mariadb:``
```
Do not use Latin abbreviations, see the [GitLab documentation style guide recommended word list entry for i.e.](https://docs.gitlab.com/development/documentation/styleguide/word_list/#ie).

> ``database-driver-name``                    (optional) The name of the JDBC driver class to use for connecting to the MySQL database. For the MariaDb Java client use ``org.mariadb.jdbc.Driver``. Defaults to ``com.mysql.jdbc.Driver``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``database-driver-name``                    (optional) The name of the JDBC driver class to use for connecting to the MySQL database. For the MariaDb Java client use ``org.mariadb.jdbc.Driver``. Defaults to ``com.mysql.jdbc.Driver``.
```
